Add parallel tests suggestion (#273)
i0natan/nodebestpractices: README.md

**Otherwise:** With poor code quality, bugs and performance will always be an issue that no shiny new library or state of the art features can fix.

## ![✔] 4.10 Run parallelized tests

> **TL;DR:** Consider running your tests with [Jest](https://jestjs.io), [Ava](https://github.com/avajs/ava) or another framework that supports parallelization out of the box. This will require you to write test files that don't conflict, but means your tests will execute substantially faster. You should also avoid tests with real IO (such as network or db calls), since they'll slow them down and make parallelization harder. Note that it can be difficult to change existing tests written with Mocha to run in parallel so if you expect your project to grow large starting with parallel tests helps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TL;DR:** Consider running your tests with [Jest](https://jestjs.io), [ava](https://github.com/avajs/ava) or another framework that supports parallelization out of the box. This approach requires you to write tests that don't conflict, resulting in your tests executing substantially faster. You should also avoid tests with real I/O (such as network or database calls), since they'll impact test performance and make parallelization harder. Note that it can be difficult to migrate existing tests written for Mocha to run in parallel, so if you expect your project to grow large, starting with parallel tests helps.
```

Reviewer: Great work 👍  I've added some small changes, you don't have to include them one-to-one, just some quick thoughts 😄

🔗 [**Read More: Refactoring!**](/sections/testingandquality/refactoring.md)

> ## ![✔] 4.10 Run tests in parallel

Reviewer 2: Add the WHY - "Run tests in parallel for faster feedback loop"

(feedback loop is a term from the testing world)

#just-an-idea

> 

Reviewer 2: Consider starting the section with the "so what" - why is it important, there are many sources on the testing feedback loop and why providing the developer with almost-immediate feedback is valuable

> **TL;DR:** Design your tests so you can run them concurrently. Your total test times will be dramatically lower since the runner can take advantage of multiple CPU cores and slow tests won't block execution. Consider a framework that supports parallelization out of the box. Some run multiple tests in the same file in parallel ([Ava](https://github.com/avajs/ava)), whereas others only run multiple files in parallel ([Jest](https://jestjs.io), [mocha-parallel-tests](https://github.com/mocha-parallel/mocha-parallel-tests)). The latter is simpler for development, but more limiting. Even if your tests are currently small, it is difficult to parallelize existing tests, so if your project might get large, starting with parallel execution helps.

Reviewer 2: Why is it difficult to parallelize existing tests? this part deserves some clarification

#just-an-idea

**Otherwise:** As your project grows larger your test execution times will continue getting longer and become unmanageable.

> 

Reviewer 2: Each bullet must have a readmore file with content, [see number 4 here](https://github.com/i0natan/nodebestpractices/blob/master/.operations/writing-guidelines.md).

If need help, I can gladly add these file with template for you + ideas what to write about inside.

Basically, within the read-more file I would put the list of tools you mentioned, explain what CIs can do, code example antipattern (designing a test which can't be parallelized), valid code example, graph showing performance of various libraries, etc

#mandatory
